				  PROLOGUE: In Media Res
Inke is running towards a skyscraper. It seems endlessly tall. 
The skyscraper says "PHAETHON DYNAMICS" on the front of it. 
They look frantic and angry. They bust through the doors into a
office lobby. Inside is a single robot behind a desk, a receptionist, 
She begins to shift into a fighting stance, with a laser beam 
and shoots it at Inke. 

				  COMBAT TUTORIAL 1: 
A boss health bar appears: THE RECEPTIONIST. Epic boss music plays. 
The RECEPTIONIST charges her laser with a red line sight for 5 full 
seconds before firing and almost always misses. While you fight a 
a man is talking over the speaker system and is yelling at you mean 
things. You learn to do a three hit combo here. After 
5 three hit combos the RECEPTIONIST blows up. The voice screams 
"NOO! Gladys! WHY??". You run past and go into an elevator and hit up.

				  WALL JUMP TUTORIAL:
The elevator is broken down. Hitting the button over and over prompts 
the voice to laugh at you saying "I can't believe you thought you'd 
get to me that easy. I shut the power to the elevators." Then you 
receive a call from your headphones. It is THE RESISTANCE. They tell 
you to look up, and see that the elevator shaft is exposed. After  
the top of the elevator glows and you can pop out of the top. Now 
that you are outside of the elevator, and in the elevator shaft you 
can jump between the shafts upwards, until you reach the next floor.

				  COMBAT TUTORIAL 2: 
The next floor is an open office conference room with a total of 5 
robots. This is slightly harder than the Gladys fight, having attacks 
that have to be dodged, or parried. These attacks are a lot closer 
to the typical goons that litter the world outside. Each one takes 
around 3-4 three hit combos to kill. Inke screams "GIVE HIM BACK!" 
on each hit of the last combo. Inke runs towards the door in the back.

					THE REVEAL: 
CUTSCENE: 
	Inke breaks through the door.
	
	CUT TO: Close up of Inke's face. 
		We see her eyes widen and her mouth begin to drop. She says 
		"No. Please." She tears up. 
	
	ZOOM AWAY FROM INKE: 
		We see Inke get smaller and smaller as we zoom away. Finally 
		the silhouette of a large robot can be seen. 10 feet tall and 
		extremely large. 
	
	CUT TO: Black
	

				  LEVEL 1: Last Wednesday
