The world is divided into 5 separate areas. East, West, 
North, South, and Center. You start in the East, a relatively 
untouched area, mainly green with light levels of industrialization. 

In the East is a lot of green, but areas to paint. It allows for a 
decent tutorial area, giving the player a ton of space with some 
enemies but mainly this is an exploration playground. The final boss 
is the leader of the Resistance. He will not let Inke pass until 
he is satisfied with Inke's initial progress. He won't send Inke 
on a mission that kills them. 

To the South is an abandoned theme park. The leader of this world is 
GWYN-PL41NE: The Clown King. A joker by nature, who focuses on fun. His world is 
filled with grind rails of roller coasters, and abandoned stadiums. 
The stadiums hold gladitorial fights to determine who is the best. 
He is not willing to join until Inke can show him that this 
adventure will be fun for him. 

To the West is a land decimated by the effects of running the 
computers 24/7 for so long. It is lava and fire focused. 
Everything is dead or dying. The leader of the world is Ember. 
She is not willing to join until Inke can show him that they are 
powerful enough to take on a megacorporation. 

To the North is electric. The area is filled with electrified grind 
rails and hardcore rock. The leader is _____________. An electric 
guitarist rockstar that is all about himself. His looks. His army. 
His POWER. He is an egomaniac and a maniac on guitar. He shreds. He's 
punk. He is a rockstar who would do anything to preserve his image. 
He is a robot that runs on the pure energy of the roaring crowd! He is 
not willing to join until Inke can gather enough support from the 
community to have his image hurt by NOT joining. 

To the Center is Phaethon Headquarters. A dangerous place filled with 
robots who all follow Lucien's rule. Nobody who has come in there has 
ever come out alive. It is filled to the brim with skyscrapers, 
robots, deathtraps, and everything that wants YOU dead. Steer clear 
until you're sure you're ready for it. 
